Ethan, is this our daughter-in-law?
Wow, the kids do well for himself marrying such a beautiful woman.
Ethan, why are you sitting in the CEO's chair?
Uh, the CEO asked me to bring his chair into his office,
so I was just testing it out, and I'm just a security guard.
Well, he asked you to bring it in, not sitting there.
Come on, you're gonna get in trouble.
Hi, uh, I'm Michael, and...
Who are these people?
Stella, these are my parents.
Mom, Dad, this is your daughter-in-law, Stella.
Stella, this is my mother, Jane, and my father, Michael.
They just got back from traveling abroad.
Traveling abroad?
Wow, you look like a very wealthy couple.
Well, didn't Ethan tell you? I mean, we're deaf, and...